#### Exercises

> 1.Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:

-Making Coffee

Add water into machine reservoir
Select a flavor package
Insert flavor package into machine into center of machine
Close lid and wait for ready to brew indicator
Insert mug under dispenser on top of drip tray
Select size or strength of Coffee
Wait for coffee to finish dripping before removing mug.

-Washing dishes
Check if the dishwasher is empty
  If still loaded and clean
    Put dishes away before loading more
Load utensils into utensils tray
Put dishes on the bottom rack facing the same away
Put cups, bowls and large tupperware on top rack upside down
Add soap to receptical
Close lid
Select wash type and cycle
Start wash
If cycle is finished
  Put items away properly

-A choice of your following
Charging your phone
Plug charger into outlet.
Plug phone into charger.
Wait until phone at full battery.
Remove phone from charger.
Remove charger from wall

> 2.As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem.
It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a situation. Name three companies
who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., Google's search algorithm.
 It doesn't need to be a tech example (such as a recipe or manufacturing a product).
 Google's algorithm produces more relevant results than other search engines;
 what about each of your cases make them stand out?

Successful restaurants often find success creating things in a unique way. Using their
family recipes or proprietary trade secrets, these companies want to provide a unique experience that they can replicate.
In-n-out burgers have been making the same single type of burger for decades. The strength is
that it is more or less the same dining experience each time you go there and thats why people come back.

Another example of a company that uses an algorithm to achieve the pinnacle of success is Ferrari.
Hand produced cars engineered for speed and performance, this very one of a kind experience was able to find a niche to gain success.
Compared to Henry Ford's model A or Volkswagen's mass produced car for the everyman,
this company held on to its roots of production and can charge more for their product.
In essence this production style has essentially created one of the brands synonymous with style and success.

Amazon has the 'A9' search algorithm that has catapulted their marketplace into
the position it is in. It works for both consumers and sellers by facilitating sales.
Putting the products with the best margins into the consumers view sorted by customer-friendly
sellers, has increased their traffic which has cycled into an amazing marketplace and industry.



> 3.Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.

When efficiency in algorithms is discussed, it often revolves around time and space complexity. Wasting time or wasting memory both
waste potentially finite resources in certain systems. Optimization is a word that
gets thrown around but it just means conserving resources. This is important when you
bring scaling into the conversation.
